Hi friend, Imagine a world where everyone — literally everyone — could benefit from a personal, world - class tutor. Now imagine taking the first steps toward that reality. Introducing Khan Labs and Khanmigo! Khan Labs is a new project from Khan Academy where you can help shape the future of education. The first pilot we’re launching is Khanmigo, an Artificial Intelligence (AI) guide that mimics one - on - one tutoring experience s by providing tailored support, prompting critical thinking, and suggesting resources. We are inviting you, our Khan Academy community, to join Khan Labs and sign up to be the first to test Khanmigo. Here’s a preview from Sal: By signing up, you’ll get a ccess to a first - of - its - kind learning experience. But it’s far from perfect. We need your help to test this groundbreaking technology so that we can make it safe, reliable, and empowering for learners. You’ll need to be 18 or older and live in the U.S. to participate. If you have children you’d like to involve as participants, you’ll have an opportunity to do that after you’ve been accepted from the waitlist. We can’t do this without your financial support. Khan Academy is a small nonprofit funded by donati ons. If you want to test Khanmigo, we’re asking that you donate $20 monthly (or more if you like!) to help support the development of this new feature and other educational resources. Once you have been selected from the waitlist, we’ll email you a link to start your donation. (You can cancel or unenroll at any time.) This is an evolving project and the donation amount may change after June 15. Test Khanmigo Even if you don’t meet the testing requirements for Khanmigo or can’t make a monthly donation, we'd love to have you sign up for the Khan Labs newsletter so you can follow along on our progress or help us test new features in the future. Sign up for Khan Labs emails Together we can help create the future we all want to see. A future where a free, world - c lass education is available for anyone, anywhere. Onward! The Khan Academy Team Remo ve W atermarkW o n d e r s h a r eP D F e l e m e n t