Let's talk about inspiring women With March in full - spring - swing, we're spotlighting some of the ways women have been breaking barriers around the world. Let's celebrate Women's History Month together as we dive into some chatter. This month, we're shining a light on: Ways to learn about influential women The latest news on the block Relaxing sounds to help you de - stress Alright, let's get into it. Here's to the women who always push ed forward and refused to be slowed, stopped, or silenced — whether they were innovators, writers, or advocates. Hear anecdotes about remarkable women who overcame adversity and paved the way. With Assistant, you can play your top tracks on your fav orite streaming service — all you have to do is link your provider in your Google Assistant settings. Ready to jam out? Set it up and say "Hey Google…" " Play music for cooking" " Play 90s hip - hop" " Turn up the volume" " Play music on my living room TV" Remo ve W atermarkW o n d e r s h a r eP D F e l e m e n tRecognize phenomenal women with us Honor women from past to present and #EmbraceEquity this March. Start your celebration » Android and Wear OS are going places with these new updates Google's latest features improve connectivity, fun, and more across devices. See what's new » From Wired: 2023 Mobile World Congress brought the tech From rolling phones to AR glasses, explore the best gadgets found at MWC. See the showcase » From the BBC: How tech is helping take trash out of the ocean New tech is helping sweep rivers, cast net s, and remove marine plastic quicker. Check it out » It's all about ambience This just in: it's mandatory you time! One of the best ways to de - stress after a long day is playing relaxing sounds and letting the zen wash over you. Ask your Assistant t o get started and take a moment to unwind, because let's be real: everyone deserves a little more downtime. Find your zen by saying "Hey Google…" "Play relaxing sounds" "Play sounds of rain" "Play white noise" Remo ve W atermarkW o n d e r s h a r eP D F e l e m e n t